Amazon Prime Day 2020 isn’t set to arrive until July, but that doesn’t mean we can’t start embracing what we expect to be the retailer’s most exciting event to date with a little bit of harmless speculation. For starters, it’s safe to assume that Prime Day 2020 will see more discounts than ever before. How do we know? Because each Prime Day is better than the last — duh!So, Prime Day 2020. What’s it about? Well, it’s far too early to say with absolute certainty what we’ll see. Heck, we don’t even know for certain when it will be (though we have a pretty good idea — more on that in a bit). One thing is almost for certain, though: While Amazon will be at the heart of Prime Day 2020, other retailers will also be throwing their hats into the ring.This means we can expect to see Best Buy and Walmart slashing prices of big-ticket items like Apple iPads and 4K TVs to compete with Amazon come Prime Day 2020. Of course, they won’t be able to take advantage of the Prime Day branding, so we won’t see ‘Best Buy Prime Day’ or ‘Walmart Prime Day’ advertisements every (digital) mile between earth and the moon.You can bet your bottom dollar they find some inventive way to profit off the Prime Day name, though. Maybe we’ll see Best Buy Day or Walmart Day. Some other options are Best Buy’s You-Know-What Day Sale and Walmart’s Blue Arrow Sale. The fact of the matter is, no matter how they wrap it up, these are Prime Day sales — and we as shoppers should welcome them.Prime Day 2020 will run from July 15 through July 16. At least, that’s according to the latest rumor-spinners who believe that it will take place on the exact same dates as Prime Day 2019, spanning the same 48-hour period — up from the 36 hours that played host to Prime Day 2018. The first deals should arrive before then, though. Possibly on July 6 or July 7.But that’s just of many theories. Other tipsters believe Amazon Prime Day 2020 could start a week earlier on July 6 and run through the end of July 7 as Amazon looks to beat the rivals that invaded Prime Day 2019 to the punch. If this is the case, the first Countdown to Amazon Prime Day deals could emerge around June 29 and last right up until July 5.Prime Day 2020 itself is expected to last for 48 hours. The festivities will no doubt commence before then, though, and could last until the end of the week if Amazon adopts a Cyber Week-like stance with its own Prime Week. It’s a move that would make financial sense: Amazon sold more on Prime Day than it did on Black Friday and Cyber Monday combined in 2019.Nothing is off the cards when it comes to the Prime Day deals, with everything from Fire TV Sticks and Keurigs to MacBooks and even 8K TVs on sale for a fraction of their usual cost at earlier installments of the digital shopping bonanza. In short: If you have your eye on something and you can buy it online, chances are it will be cheaper on Prime Day 2020.Of course, some hardware is treated to larger reductions than others. Amazon’s own products, for example, are often some of the most discounted — with the Fire TV Stick often going for half-off. Other must-have products like the Amazon Echo and Amazon Kindle also receive a huge blow with the price-cutting sword, as are digital subscriptions like Twitch Prime.Still, other manufacturers rush to get in on the price-slashing action, offering comparable discounts. Last year’s Prime Day deals saw Apple hardware — from iPads to MacBooks — on sale for up to 50% off. Elsewhere, the Ring Video Doorbell 2 had been reduced by 40%. Instant Pots were another massively-discounted item, with Walmart offering as much as 60% off.With so many retailers now participating in Prime Day, it’s tough to predict exactly what will be on offer. Although, if the Prime Day deals of yesteryear are anything to go by, it’s fair to say if you’re on the hunt for something electronic, it will be discounted on Prime Day 2020 (if Amazon doesn’t stock it, you should be able to find it on sale at a different merchant, like Target).For every good deal out there on Prime Day, there are a dozen bad. That’s why it’s important to not only consult an impartial source of buying advice to find out whether the offer you’re looking at is really worth your hard-earned cash, but also to have an understanding of the tricks retailers use to dupe customers into thinking they’re looking at the deal of the decade.Most merchants treat Prime Day as a chance to offload stagnant stock, so most of the discounts you’ll find will be on aging models that people aren’t interested in anymore — and they use some immoral methods to flog them. For instance, you may find an HDTV reduced to a rock-bottom price, yet nowhere on the top half of the page does it state that it’s only 720p HD.So, what’s the issue? Well, the retailers aren’t technically at fault here. They disclose all the information they’re required to. But they bury it to fool bargain-hunting customers into taking advantage of an offer without doing their homework. Our point? If a deal is too good to be true, it probably is — even on Prime Day. There’s no harm in doing a little bit of research.Even if you just take to Google to make sure it has the one feature you have your heart set on, you will at least avoid some disappointment when it arrives. We have some better advice, though: Search for the best Prime Day deals right here at Digital Trends, where our experts separate the wheat from the chaff, then detail everything you need to know about each product.No, silly! We don’t even know when Prime Day 2020 is set to take place, so there definitely aren’t any Prime Day deals available just yet. Having said that, there are oodles and oodles of fantastic offers on sought-after products like AirPods, Fire TV Sticks, Keurigs, Kindles, iPads, MacBooks, and 4K TVs at Amazon right now. We’ve cataloged all of the best deals below.After something a bit different? Head over to our curated Deals Hub.